Welcome back my students.
Now one thing that you know that I get asked all the time do we need to close the database connection.
Well in reality in the way we see in the community yes you do have to close the database connection
but if you don't BHB will close it automatically for you.
Just like this statement just like that my ask you I'll prepare statement but it's good practice to
do that because your cold could run better.
You don't have to you know let me figure it out.
You what you can actually let BHP know listen I want to close it right here so it kind of works better
with memory.
So let's actually close this and I'm going to close just to show you one and then you can close the
rest.
So once you finish your statement and I'm going to do it right here after this while loop because that's
when I'm done with my statement I can just call this function my SU ally is TMT close.
And now we can close our statement here.
OK.
Simple as that.
And then you can do the same thing for the rest of the functionality.
Make sure you have your semi-colon somewhere.
You can you can do that for the insert.
Let me see if that's one in seven categories.
So once you finish this statement you can just close it and we're just checking right here.
Let me just see you can close it anywhere we want to be on as this is a category function.
This is
submit so we can just close it right here and the categories here for
update categories just closer wherever you want.
Okay.
And again it works fine without it.
But you know if you if you can help me figure it out faster you you make your application a little faster.
OK.
So close your statements if you want.
You can also close your database connection with my ask you like close.
OK.
So you can close your Maia's you realize queries as well.
But like I said BHP would figure that out OK.
But anyway thank you so much for watching and I hope you enjoy this as a couple of series here and we're
going to I'm going to try to always add more things to the course.
Thank you.
I'll see you on the next lectures